General improvements to ONT pages and add new ONTs (#63)
hack-gpon/hack-gpon.github.io: _ont/ont-nokia-g-010g-q.md

| RAM                   | DDR2 325MHz                                                                                                       |
| System                | Linux (Luna SDK 1.9.0)                                                                                            |
| HSGMII                | No                                                                                                                |
| Optics                | SC/APC                                                                                                            |
| IP address            | 192.168.100.1                                                                                                     |
| Web Gui (HTTP)        | ✅ Port 80 (⚠️ *only available when the PON connection **IS NOT** estabilished*)                                |
| Web Gui (HTTPS)       | ✅ Port 443 **NO SSL SUPPORT**                                                                                    |
| Web Gui Default Login | user `admin` password `1234`                                                                                      |

> | Telnet                | ✅ user `ONTUSER`, but open GponCLI and not GponSLID                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Telnet                | ✅ user `ONTUSER`, but has access to GponCLI and not GponSLID                                                              |
```
